motorola defy+ expected third quarter
2011 Motorola's announcement of the
defy+ comes today after the surprising
news that Google has agreed to by
Motorola for a staggering 12 and a half
billion dollars and although the
announcement of a single handset is not
that important compared to a massive
takeover like that the defy+ is still
quite an important handset the original
motorola defy was launched last year and
it was the first motorola smartphone to
make any serious inroads into the
european market for some time as with
the defy+ the defies almost unique
selling proposition was that this was a
ruggedized but fully featured Android
smartphone that appealed to those
customers who found standard smartphones
a bit too fragile although the defy sold
quite well it had a couple of major
weaknesses the process though it was
relatively slow at 800 megahertz and the
operating system only went up to android
2.2 rather than the latest Android 2.3
the new defy plus builds on the old
handset strong points and brings the
defied line bang up to date the CPU is
now a 1 gigahertz unit and android 2.3
ships are standard which makes the defy
much more competitive under the hood
Motorola have also given the defied plus
a much bigger battery with a 17 hundred
million Power Cell fitted underneath
giving up to 7.1 hours talktime and 16
days standby time you can never have too
much battery life with Android so this
is also a help but of course the main
feature of the defy+ is the ruggedness
bill to ip67 standards the defy+ is
highly resistant to dust and water and
the gorilla glass screen is scratch
resistant to don't expect it to be
indestructible though as big screen
devices like this can still break
relatively easily if impacted in the
wrong place the other features of the
defy+ are pretty much like the old
handset with a 3.7 inch 854 x 480 pixel
display a 5 megapixel camera with LED
flash and autofocus on the back and
FM radio Wi-Fi GPS and an electronic
compass and 3.5 g support android 2.3 of
course comes with a comprehensive media
player web browser turn-by-turn
navigation and access to thousands of
applications in the Android Market the
defy+ is the same size and weight as the
old model despite the larger battery at
107 by 59 by 13.4 millimeters and 118
grams Motorola say that the defy+ should
be available in the early autumn in
Europe Asia and Latin America no
guidance was given on price but we would
expect me to phi plus to retail for
about 400 euro at launch